if ever bashar argentina in the month of January
if instead of following the advice of travel agencies
you decide to get away from the common points and travel to the north
There will come a time when you will hear this sound everywhere
gibson the coyuyos the cicadas of america that announce the summer and the
heat or if with them the time of maturity and collecting the stolen debt
the summer spoken
if the heat was to be planted and if he had voted
It is a boxer and so the sound of trills of thousands of
birds
the jingle of envy those of satipo close like this
the nightly bustle of the Libyans
it is very easy to find yourself near santiago del estero
and if at night I heard it makes it beat away from a hype
and the scratching of a guitar
then there is no doubt
so come to santiago del estero
that magical and unknown province of Argentina heard also voices of
men and women who sing and laugh
if you get to a patio where the party of living the present is celebrated
after daily work
I was already a Valencian saint
some tournament
who share a national problem
enter without fear they will be treated like a relative who returns home after
A long trip
the
but